---
title: "ClimaWeather: Enhancing Degraded Image Restoration by Selective Kernel Attention and Local Enhance Feed Forward Block via Transformer"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/ClimaWeather
excerpt: 'Efficient and high-quality restoration of degraded images is a challenging task that has attracted much attention in recent years. Image restoration network based on Transformer provides a standard paradigm for network training process. Recently, better multi-scene image restoration methods have been developed based on Multi-head attention mechanism and larger receptive field. However, the restoration quality is still affected by the low robustness of the method. In this study, we introduce ClimaWeather, which enhances the Transformer block’s feature extraction by incorporating an efficient local feature extraction network, Local Enhance Feed Forward (LEFF) Block, and Select Kernel (SK) attention block. This method reduces the loss, improves the efficiency of feature extraction and the robustness of the model. We have demonstrated the superior performance of ClimaWeather through experiments.'
date: 2025-01-23
venue: '2024 IEEE 17th International Conference on Signal Processing (ICSP)'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/ClimaWeather.pdf'
citation: 'Y. Wu, D. Guan, X. Lin, Z. Qiu and H. Bai, "ClimaWeather: Enhancing Degraded Image Restoration by Selective Kernel Attention and Local Enhance Feed Forward Block via Transformer," 2024 IEEE 17th International Conference on Signal Processing (ICSP), Suzhou, China, 2024, pp. 520-525, doi: 10.1109/ICSP62129.2024.10846015.'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
